thank you for purchasing an mi u France
commercial stainless field mandolin this
instructional video is for model 9:07
ninety nine which carrying case or nine
zero seven nine five which it does not
so on the carrying case shepard first
manual the mandolin and the carrier what
you want to do is unfold the legs out
like so currently the blade is in the
park position in which there's a wavy
line here there's to the left or wavy
line there's a notch in which this upper
plate is slightly higher than the
cutting blade so that prevents your
finger from getting cut some of the
features on this mandolin is the
serrated blade which is in the bottom
here there's a lever in which you go
ahead and move the lever up and down and
you'll see the serrated blade moving up
also on this innovative control dial
what you do is press in and turn
clockwise to expose the julienne blade
the first julienne blade is
approximately two millimeter wide go
ahead and press in and turn a knob again
and that should expose the 10 millimeter
julienne blade pressing in again and
turning a knob will start the half-inch
cut and gradually as you turn get
thinner and thinner for your spices for
Syrena cut you want to turn this knob
here - that's wavy line to line up this
indicator here in which the food will
glide across and make the cut toward the
serrated the safety holder these shirts
always use a safety holder keep your
hands right above here put the arrows
pointing down up and down while holding
the mandolin firmly in one hand and a
food item to safety holder on top make a
downward motion on parks waters
instructional video will show you how to
make straight cuts julienne cuts and
serrated cuts once you're finished using
the mandolin
fold the links back like so
put the safety holder right on out there
if your model does come with games
carefully we're going to store right
back in here like so